It was 10 minutes adult day that club original
The first piano today is the second
The last time I moved my finger slowly for the first time in order to move the finger a little smoothly
Whats
Practice to move a little quicker today and strengthen Yuzubi
I would like to practice at the same time
Let's get started now
Today's strengthening the finger and then moving the finger quickly
I would like to put two horizontal
You can realize the two by pulling in this rhythm
When the little it is easily to the note of explanation
Today with this
3 types only only does not come out
First of all, it is said to put this yellowish book
It is also good in the quarter notes
I will extend one night
This is It is the minute rest or City Branch benefits
I will rest for one night
And Naa even if some people that Rassharu playing in this is I Tsu bit difficult assignment
I think, but it is all right
This is two points and eight ordinary husbands
Extend the length of the three-quarters of the quarter note
And he will stretch a quarter of the length of the note c worth to say that 16 ordinary man
I'm do not know why Tatte said such a thing but
So you are the image of skip
As if to bounce likeパ ッガ
I hope you can pull it down
Plumper Moon
I thought
This is I think this is easy to play and get counted Fu that luck counted Tanto
Then it will be reflected on the piano already
It's not so difficult if you play on the piano
It is with the position is either the last of the hand from which the piano is taken by the middle one by one in order
Arrange the finger next to next to
Then I moved to the real place in the middle of the song and put it in the same place again
Please go back to the first position and play again
After you draw while wearing cut passed since standing rhythm as earlier
If it does not sink from the first Te like this store because I play a little in the ordinary store to defeat once
Please take a look only to see what I think
Boom
This time I will play slowly so please play together
Hmm
Yup
In I will pull one more time please firmly remember this rhythm
Hmmm
hey
day
Follow
Pyon
When I move, I hear from 3 again with the same rhythm
road
p
Hmm
Have I
Well this move by Yeah
Same as before
1 minute
It's flying again and it's Takka Takka
Hmmm
hey
Lou Buch
There is only one more practice point
It is the time to do this time is moved to see 0 and from him
If you do not connect the sound at that time, you can not strengthen your fingers .
It means that there is no meaning to practice your finger quickly, so be sure
Re with the suppressed and handsome color site meaning
I'm batting on geosite
Hm
Four
In the wind
Please try to connect Please try a sample of the useless
All my eyes are cut with this
I can not train
If you take care so much
Not too much to do so much very good practice will be just because I think that a little tired of
I please and as to
Next is your left hand Last time here in the middle and in the middle
I arranged the fingers later and played in this middle even with the left, but this time using the soil one lower
Let's
That one
I think it's easy to sit and play
Arrange the fingers in the soil one lower than the middle of one piano
And in the middle of the song as well as the right hand
I will put back my finger again
And again how to put this finger back
If you go
I can play it easily, I will play it as well
Four
goo
Minutes
Hmm
Yup
Minutes
Hmm
Hmmm
Nn
Four
car
Yup
Hmm
It's difficult for the light to go around here
I do not think that the finger of the sound is really difficult
Ah ah ah ah
It is a finger of this side of the left hand that is the most difficult in the piano
In the right hand, the hard ion and the ring of protection It is difficult but the left hand is really at first
It's very hard to move and it's tired and hard, but this one starts to move
Because I can not play the piano well
This practice is very important
Then again the third time
An idea
I am thinking now
Please take a look at the third visit by all means Thank you to the end
It was an adult piano club